Project WinterGalaxy
by Justin Frense and Larry Sell

An android application game with the following layout:


Galaxy Defender
Side-scroller Action game, with additional strategy/puzzle levels.


Plot
Earth has been invaded by an aggressive race of aliens. Your player is an alien from a completely different planet who seeks to keep peace in the galaxy as well as defend more primitive civilizations. Your alien lands on earth to speak with the enemy aliens, but instead, is attacked. Your alien must fight off enemy aliens, to return control of earth back to the humans.
GameplayYour alien can obtain abilities. Though in the beginning, they only have the ability of electromagnetic control. This allows electrocution of close range enemies. Progressing through levels and collecting certain items can increase range and power of this ability, as well as unlock new ones. Another possible ability unlocked later could be a long range plasma energy ball.During gameplay it may be possible to pick up deceased enemies’ weapons and use them. To beat a level you must kill aliens as well as reach the top of skyscrapers (walk/drive in street, when building is reached, possibly fly up side while dodging enemy fire), to place transmitters that emit a special frequency to interrupt the enemy aliens brainwaves. This will knock out all close range aliens, which will free captured humans, and allow them to wipe out the unconscious enemies.LevelsThe goals of each level is to place that transmitter on top of a single skyscraper. There will be a certain number of levels in a set. Each set will take place in a different major city around the world. After each of the selected cities has been saved the played will have successfully saved the earth.UpdatesAfter initial game release more planets in the galaxy can be added in updates; to allow the user to save more planets after they have saved the earth.Driving army or alien vehicles is also a possibility. Additional abilities may also be added.Saved humans may fight along-side your player.